Validity of unions with a zero-sized field (#147)
rust-lang/unsafe-code-guidelines: reference/src/validity/unions.md

# Validity of unions

**Disclaimer**: This chapter is a work-in-progress. What's contained here
represents the consensus from issue [#73]. The statements in here are not (yet)
"guaranteed" not to change until an RFC ratifies them.

## Validity of unions with zero-sized fields

> A union containing a zero-sized field can contain any value. An example of such

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A union containing a zero-sized field can contain any bit pattern. An example of such
```

Reviewer: BTW: still not sure if that's the best way to put it but this change is at least an improvement

# Validity of unions

**Disclaimer**: This chapter is a work-in-progress. What's contained here
represents the consensus from issue [#73]. The statements in here are not (yet)
"guaranteed" not to change until an RFC ratifies them.

> The bit `i` of an union is allowed to have value `v` _iff_ there is a variant of

Reviewer: This isn't consensus in #73 and so it shouldn't be written down here.

Author: Latest commit removes this definition and the rationale.
